New KiwiKeebs Macro V2 (QMK/VIA) - And Update to KiwiKeebs Macro V1 (#13499)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/kiwikeebs/macro_v2/readme.md

> # KiwiKeebs MacroBoard V1.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# KiwiKeebs MacroBoard V2.0
```

![KiwiKeebs](https://i.imgur.com/h5i9jBl.png)

A 6 Key PCB with Rotary Encoder Knob + Button made from solid CNC aluminium.

* Keyboard Maintainer: [AKiwi92](https://github.com/akiwi92)
* Hardware Supported: KiwiKeebs MacroBoard V1.0
* Hardware Availability: [reddit.com](https://www.reddit.com/r/mechmarket/comments/ibijrd/ic_kiwikeebs_6key_macroboard_rotary_encoder_diy/)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make kiwikeebsmacro:default
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
>     make kiwikeebsmacro:default:flash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make kiwikeebs/macro_v2:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make kiwikeebs/macro_v2:default:flash
```
